Update web-api-help-pages-using-swagger.md (#25622)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/web-api-help-pages-using-swagger.md

## OpenAPI specification (openapi.json)

> The OpenAPI specification is a document that describes the capabilities of your API. The document is based on the [XML](xref:tutorials/getting-started-with-swashbuckle#xml-comments) and attribute annotations within the controllers and models. It's the core part of the OpenAPI flow and is used to drive tooling such as SwaggerUI. By default, it's named `openapi.json`. Here's an example of an OpenAPI specification, reduced for brevity:

Author: ```suggestion
The OpenAPI specification is a document that describes the capabilities of your API. The document is based on the [XML](xref:tutorials/web-api-help-pages-using-swagger#xml-comments) and attribute annotations within the controllers and models. It's the core part of the OpenAPI flow and is used to drive tooling such as SwaggerUI. By default, it's named `openapi.json`. Here's an example of an OpenAPI specification, reduced for brevity:
```

> The OpenAPI specification is a document that describes the capabilities of your API. The document is based on the [XML](xref:tutorials/web-api-help-pages-using-swagger#xml-comments) and attribute annotations within the controllers and models. It's the core part of the OpenAPI flow and is used to drive tooling such as SwaggerUI. By default, it's named `openapi.json`. Here's an example of an OpenAPI specification, reduced for brevity:

Author: ```suggestion
The OpenAPI specification is a document that describes the capabilities of your API. The document is based on the [XML](xref:tutorials/get-started-with-swashbuckle#xml-comments) and attribute annotations within the controllers and models. It's the core part of the OpenAPI flow and is used to drive tooling such as SwaggerUI. By default, it's named `openapi.json`. Here's an example of an OpenAPI specification, reduced for brevity:
```
